gh-118761: substitute `re` import in `base64.b16decode` for a more efficient alternative (#128736)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2025-01-10-13-06-54.gh-issue-118761.f8oADD.rst

Improve performance of :func:`base64.b16decode` by a factor ten by

> removing an un-necessary regular expression. Consequently, :mod:`re`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
removing an unnecessary regular expression. Consequently, :mod:`re`
```

> Improve performance of :func:`base64.b16decode` by a factor ten by
> removing an unnecessary regular expression. Consequently, :mod:`re`
> is no more implicitly available as ``base64.re`` and import time of
> :mod:`base64` is improved by a factor six. Patch by Bénédikt Tran.

Reviewer 2: We can then put more detail in the changelog (What's New should be a high level summary):

```suggestion
Improve the performance of :func:`base64.b16decode` by up to ten times
by more efficiently checking the byte-string for hexadecimal digits.
Reduce the import time of :mod:`base64` by up to six times,
by no longer importing :mod:`re`.
Patch by Bénédikt Tran, Chris Markiewicz, and Adam Turner.
```

I'm not sure it is worth mentioning that ``base64.re`` is removed as an attribute -- we haven't mentioned these for the other PRs and trying to access a stdlib module via another one is mildly ridiculous.

Author: > I'm not sure it is worth mentioning that base64.re is removed as an attribute -- we haven't mentioned these for the other PRs and trying to access a stdlib module via another one is mildly ridiculous.

I've actually mentioned that in my other PRs (for instance the pickle one). In the other PRs, I'm not even sure we had a What's New entry actually. However, it's perhaps fine to just say that we no longer import `re`.
